two
2 this report is sponsored by tel apartment
the best hotel in Medellin
continuous live cuts
just a few days ago he offered holy burial william dominguez castro the
soldier that those remembered for his song
how life changes us
a song that he composed while he was kidnapped by the FARC guerrilla
an episode from which he could never recover
today as minas gerais and soldier
is to present we have ine images
some of his musical recordings in which direct witness accompanied him
his report
cris in swaps
we must all prepare is going well
Varejao played the whole for everything
for Saturday
the region
store
not think we know firemen and they thought I had to get ahead
that he had to be a big person for society and he was working on
that
pitifully
people that I understand have heart meters also works or death
dreams
min
that was the thought of who 2010
how many direct style a couple of years ago
after this interview at a time when he came to his song, everything was not
half an hour later
these images are exclusive
he has asserted that yesterday
repatriated after fitting
but it's late
astrada
front 49 leaders who kidnapped him on January 20 of the year
florencia caquetá for more than two years
when they ask me
for me it was round I could not move a race and I hope it's fantastic
in tic in spain
I said because I thought
they do not have to kill
the fighter not to the coexistence in a fortress our condolences
It is not bad in the past
but the parties said
the signatures of
the humiliations of order had to suffer
who thought the jungle
the suspense
some emanations with impunity
Callao against this year's World Cup
Look that they treat better until the pig that china because even today they do not treat worse
that an animal badly bad or good there
with
no no 3
the offer of
p
did not lose faith to win the mayoral candidate for peace and stability
in the regulations
thousands of Egyptians for life
the first of February 2009 when he regains his life
and before millions of Colombians it is popularized
it's when the national league begins
this job as president
viteri for it said at the moment is that I have to sing the song
because here is the beginning of the year and the support for that song and that
lima set a minute
for colombia and for the world
and so also another purpose of the young military
it was a dream takes shape
and someone who wanted to walk
It is a very special way
the 112
that knowledge and spotting
your heart can not
It was not in 2007
well nothing
they are still on paper on the contrary all day
They do not have quality cree
whoever
now wait she was hurt
the oea
The people are content
unveiling of zarumilla
I feel very
that a person art
with more than two years of captivity
it seems to me that the blow was not only to be distanced too big
grill but they're also getting to know
the eyes that reflected the indelible mark of the psoe
same that took him away from his mom
Bustamante
there
of his wife and his army
if he wanted to leave numbers
the people who cheered
I have not had even among the first ones is there
I do not think about that
this is
that is the prisoners who when a kidnapping sales
all of that after changing
they think that the ones who feel again that tizimín people will also be made in
your soccer
but it was a future that the euro 912 days
the freedom to dropper efe
after that brief
the outside
the violence
He seemed to be mad at the life of Julian Dominguez
who was killed last September 3
well once and forever the establishment
the soldier moves away from his family because of criminals who gave him
several bullet wounds and a knife wound
justice be done for me too
death
and that I am not attracted to the power of justice the only thing they have for this young man of 25
years
did not enjoy an idea is that these symptoms is
the pension that was beginning to receive
the song that was nice of one and several kidnapped
fossoul in the hand
the team
10 Andean p
Greetings to my mother who has given him with all her heart
no no no
he liked his contribution
well I invite you to measure many more here in
You have gone direct point co
independent journalism